oh and well an afternoon of mixed
emotions primarily I thought frustration
at the way you played up till you were
five mil down yeah I mean it sounds
they're always so too bizarre to see it
but I think a you know if somebody was
to what's entirety of that much which
you did you'll know that I was never a
53 school liner against ours I mean from
huge periods a game with controls the
game we pass the ball really real school
three goals of truth be told because I'd
sudden early in the day how and said
that I'm annoyed obviously goes we were
conceived one or two contentious
decisions I mean I'm water starts
beating abilify she was wall which is
anybody watching even please you be the
judge or what you think my knowing I was
feeling disappointed but one or two
things I notice a difficult task so so
only like that but again we made some
some real decisions ourselves
defensively my players and then or spoke
to my length here we can't at this level
continue to give goals and we know more
effective when we go forward we know we
can pass move the ball as well as
anybody I believe but we have to have to
brush up on that and we then do today I
mean again some decisions when against
is it strange to 120 big moments in the
game there we go how influential do you
feel I mean I'm not gonna suggest you
want to criticize the referee as you've
just said but how influential do you
feel his decisions were on the over
overall outcome and how much was it it's
like switching off for the first goal
and situations like that well I mean
well any golf changes the course of a
game was no doubt that uh I mean the
first call was a quick left a previous
court Parker who to be very waste time I
thought was a host standing player and
the day I mean I really gifted player
and we made a poor decision I mean
whether though I'd probably his own say
something though I simply fill that
Franco would a tank boulder when the
ball was thrown and then was controlled
it with his own and I thought I was a
free kick it wasn't given Ryan me to see
even maybe we could arrived at it later
so it was one of two things I mean the
4th corps fellows earthly thick and it
was getting against this having said
that we still have to defend it when it
comes in so that's not better about
everything in there so we just need to
remember I mean I'm not willing to blame
anybody I mean it's a difficult job
being officials I just felt we can along
say this on decisions today hopefully in
another day we will get there a little
bit favorable for far as although it's
not too often as you say people will
look at the school on and they think
another unhappier way day for burnley is
that the case I mean obviously look at
the heavy number of girls you're
conceding away from home well I mean as
I'm happy we did because they became hit
all three point and there you know as
strange as it sounds you haven't been
fighting off and donated him we I mean
you see a sale we control the first half
the priority to waste on schooling the
goal and they get that tails up but we
offered an awful lot to the game we
should unbelievable college in bravery
at five no down because it's easy if you
were sorry for yourself but we didn't I
mean my school three rows and a nap
period is you know if you did a few more
that that I had to post a few things
flying by the post though yeah so I'm
disappointed not to have any points but
again and the college the bravely my lad
sure I mean it's a they're doing a game
again basis and we know what on our land
in converse was trying to evolve and the
bayit LLS level unless things we can
brush up on borah said you know it was
more individual mistakes and then there
than anything to do with it the team
what today you lost your captain to a
red card later on any complaints about
that yeah well I mean I need to see
again I was 40 yards away but I I mean
it was shot with a pass by Twilight
excusing out for a minute Brian Kinta to
clear the danger and I think this clip
my staple in front of it and the lad you
often from my take on it so I'm gonna
kill you then to the by column and there
you know it's a double ball one teeth
concededly shaking obviously took my
captain suspended know he's been
outstanding for me and there I'll need
to see again by Phil you know I stage
again we were harsh to deal with just
finally now this the last net game of
November we're now into December 17
points on the border after 14 games had
a above or below your your hopes and
dreams for the season so far well I mean
I don't you look at periods in terms of
end an event on st. what kind of target
we should have what do believers we
should have a few more points and what
we have and there have been nice through
certainly a tonight with 20 because
actually we came to get and I mean
stages it serves because it again you
know we're going out for school early on
I believe with the noni theater as it as
we can bike strongly and who knows
another 10 minutes and Mabel and leaving
here a point